just got home from work
and mr. arowana here look at him he's
pretty bruised up took some flying
lessons bailed out of the tank see some
of the water and stuff on the floor
splish splash what he did is he came up
back here it completely broke this aqua
clear filter you can see the plastic
pieces gone he buffed it off he fell
behind here give you an idea he might
get a good picture here there's only
that much room here's the end of the
tank here's the wall use that board to
push him over to this side and you see
there's not much room between the wall I
had to dig him out from down in this
corner back here with a wet towel get
him back in
he's incredibly big I had no idea it was
that big and I have no desire for him to
come out like that again he went out
right where the filter is the woods are
actually heavy enough to keep him in
there but that's a lot of damage we've
been back in the water about five
minutes now I think it was out of the
water for about ten it was just so hard
to get him back there under here when
like filters aren't stuff he the water
was coming in doctor didn't realize he's
broken it was in the kitchen I just got
done feeding him some pellets and it was
just a few left and I walked away and
takes a while oh man heard all this
flapping and went for a some of the body
parts floating around in there
be incredible you hear about the Erawan
is jumping but good googly-moogly man
who
a little fun a hard day's work
he's a big boy I get to take my girls
later